well howdy there internet people its Bo
again so today we're going to talk about
driving Dixie down for those that don't
know there is a highway network in the
United States called the Dixie Highway
it runs from Michigan to Miami
north/south this highway system came to
being in the 1900 1900's 1915 ish around
there it was the brainchild of Carl G
Fisher whose first project was the
Lincoln Highway running east-west it's
pretty clear that somebody whose first
project was the Lincoln Highway is
probably not choosing the name Dixie to
glorify it it was just a region it was
headed for those overseas who may not
know Dixie is the area of the country
that was south of the mason-dixon line
the mason-dixon line is was the dividing
line between the north and the south
south of the mason-dixon line well
that's where slavery was legal now this
came into being in the nineteen Pearlie
1900s this wasn't named this in the
1950s and 1960s when a lot of things
went up that had to do with Dixie that
were really not historical based it was
more about opposition to civil rights
and just sending a signal y'all better
stay in your place and that's just so
you know a lot of the Confederate
monuments that people are talking about
that are getting torn down that's when
they went up they didn't actually go up
like right after the Civil War and it
was a hundred years later and it was
really just as a symbol to black
Americans in the south so why am i
talking about all this
what is the Dixie Highway what does this
matter today it's a historic network of
roads because it was built by different
jurisdictions okay but it doesn't get
tourism like route 66 or Route one or
any of the other ones this one just
doesn't get it I can't imagine why
can you imagine people stopping to take
photos along this route today glorifying
the Dixie Highway
probably not nobody wants to bring up
images of the Little Rock Nine or the
Alabama bus boycott
it's just not something that people want
to do it carries a very negative
connotation Miami has just elected to
rename dares it will now be the Harriet
Tubman Highway and I think that is just
awesome
on so many levels one with them renaming
the route that's it they were the
destination so they've taken control of
it now we have to see whether the other
jurisdictions that own different pieces
of the highway along the way will follow
suit if they do this could turn out to
be an economic godsend to a lot of these
communities there aren't a lot of
tourist destinations in rural Georgia
but this could bring a money you know a
lot of people myself I when I have the
opportunity I won't drive route 66 just
because it's more interesting than the
highway it could happen here too if
people let go of the past if people
chose to make it something worthy of
riding it's kind of cool because we're
going to get to see which areas of the
South are still super super racist
because there is no downside to this
economically it makes sense morally it
makes sense historically it makes sense
the only reason to hold on to it would
be glorifying a really horrible period
in American history it's the only reason
there's no other reason to do it
they can glorify that horrible era or
they can glorify hero of American
history that's their choice and I'm very
curious to see how it plays out
I really I bringing this up because this
is going to be one of those things that
for the next five years people are going
to argue about but the key points to
take away and to have in your pocket
when this argument shows up is that no
it's not a historic thing from the
Confederacy it's not it wasn't built
until long after the Confederacy was
gone it wasn't even a thing that
intended to glorify the south or
Southern heritage just the region it was
headed that's it
there's no reason to keep this when it
could be used to demonstrate that we do
have a new south that the country is
moving forward and I do find a bit of
humor in the idea that it is beginning
where the road ended in Miami anyway
it's just a thought y'all have a good
day